# Electronic-Health-Record

Critical patient data in large volumes can be used effectively to train machine learning models to facilitate patient care by automating risk analysis, disease prediction or medicine recommendation. Our proposed system is a blockchain based healthcare ecosystem, which is secure, transparent and robust against a single point of failure along with built in machine learning models. Main actors involved are patients, doctors, laboratories and insurers. This architecture has a mechanism to validate each actor, it enables patients to upload their data securely on blockchain and share it with other actors with their consent. This system addresses the patient data interoperability problem as any doctor or laboratory registered on the network can get a patient’s data from any remote location with the patient’s consent to access the data. The main feature of the proposed system is the ability to run Machine Learning algorithms in real time on patient’s data and generate the predicted result. This result will in turn help doctors in doing faster and better diagnosis and it will reduce some amount of work from doctors. In addition, backed by confidentiality and immutability through blockchain, patients are more likely to establish trust with the proposed system by sharing their personal medical data and therefore making the ML models more reliable. Blockchain is typically considered unsuitable for storing large amounts of critical medical data as it will adversely affect the transaction throughput and it requires enormous data storage capability on each peer. But proposed blockchain architecture is highly scalable with the off-chain data storage. This will allow faster transaction execution since only the hash of the real data is stored on the blockchain. The off-chain data storage also is distributed, having data replicated at multiple places, and thus avoiding the problem of a single point of failure. 
